Update target-throughput.md (#8248)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/user-guide/target-throughput.md

## Benchmarking mode

When `target-throughput` is set to `0`, OpenSearch Benchmark latency tests are performed in *benchmarking mode*. In this mode, the OpenSearch client sends requests to the OpenSearch cluster as fast as possible. After the cluster receives a response from the previous request, OpenSearch Benchmark immediately sends the next request to the OpenSearch client. In this testing mode, latency is identical to service time.

> OpenSearch Benchmark issues one request at a time for a single-client thread, which is specified as `search-clients` in the workload parameters. 

Reviewer: What does "single-client" thread mean? And how does the user specify it in `search-clients`?

Author: My understanding is that "single-client thread" means a single connection per request, hence one request per thread. The `search-clients` setting specifies the number of single-threaded clients the workload uses.  

Should we clarify this @IanHoang? Is my understanding correct at @IanHoang?

> OpenSearch Benchmark issues one request at a time for a single-client thread, which is specified as `search-clients` in the workload parameters. 

Author: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Benchmark issues one request at a time per a single client. The number of clients is set by the `search-clients` setting in the workload parameters. 
```

## Throughput-throttled mode

If the `target-throughput` is not set to `0`, then OpenSearch Benchmark issues the next request in accordance with the `target-throughput`, assuming that responses are returned instantaneously.

> **Throughput** measures the rate at which OpenSearch Benchmark issues requests, assuming that responses will be returned instantaneously. However, users can set a `target-throughput`, which is a common workload parameter that can be set for each test and is measured in operations per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Throughput** measures the rate at which OpenSearch Benchmark issues requests, assuming that responses are returned instantaneously. To configure the request rate, you can set the `target-throughput` workload parameter to the desired number of operations per second for each test.
```

> When you do not specify a `target-throughput`, OpenSearch Benchmark latency tests are performed in *benchmarking mode*. In this mode, the OpenSearch client sends requests to the OpenSearch cluster as fast as possible. After the cluster receives a response from the previous request, OpenSearch Benchmark immediately sends the next request to the OpenSearch client. In this testing mode, latency is identical to service time.

Reviewer 2: Can we rephrase the first part of the sentence to:
When `target-throughput` is set to `0`,  OpenSearch Benchmark tests are performed in *benchmarking mode*.

> OpenSearch Benchmark issues one request at a time for a single-client thread, which is specified as `search-clients` in the workload parameters. If `target-throughput` is set to `0`, then OpenSearch Benchmark issues a request immediately after it receives the response from the previous request. If the `target-throughput` is not set to `0`, then OpenSearch Benchmark issues the next request in accordance with the `target-throughput`, assuming that responses are returned instantaneously.

Reviewer 2: On second thought, we can remove this sentence entirely since the ideas here are duplicated.

## Throughput-throttled mode

> **Throughput** measures the rate at which OpenSearch Benchmark issues requests, assuming that responses will be returned instantaneously. However, users can set a `target-throughput`, which is a common workload parameter that can be set for each test and is measured in operations per second.

Reviewer 2: Should we move "**Throughput** measures the rate at which OpenSearch Benchmark issues requests, assuming that responses will be returned instantaneously. " to be before line 10 and then remove "However, users can set a `target-throughput`, which is a common workload parameter that can be set for each test and is measured in operations per second." since it is already mentioned in the first paragraph?

Reviewer 2: We can then just insert this paragraph:
When target-throughput is not set to `0`, OpenSearch Benchmark issues the next request in accordance with the `target-throughput`, assuming that responses are returned instantaneously.

> OpenSearch Benchmark issues one request at a time for a single-client thread, which is specified as `search-clients` in the workload parameters. If `target-throughput` is set to `0`, then OpenSearch Benchmark issues a request immediately after it receives the response from the previous request. If the `target-throughput` is not set to `0`, then OpenSearch Benchmark issues the next request in accordance with the `target-throughput`, assuming that responses are returned instantaneously.

Reviewer 2: We can then just insert this paragraph:
When target-throughput is not set to `0`, OpenSearch Benchmark issues the next request in accordance with the `target-throughput`, assuming that responses are returned instantaneously.
